added how to delete meshObject guide (#591)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshstack.how-to.delete-meshObjects.md

---
id: meshstack.how-to.delete-meshObjects
title: How to delete meshObjects in the meshPanel
---

> Part of the cloud lifecyle inside meshStack is the deletion of the meshCustomers, meshProject and meshTenants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Part of the cloud lifecyle inside meshStack is the deletion of meshCustomers, meshProject and meshTenants.
```

> The following guide provides insight for users and admins how to proceed the deletion of their cloud accounts and meshObjects via the meshPanel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following guide provides a guide for users how to proceed with the deletion of their cloud environments and workspaces via the meshPanel
```

> ## Step-by-Step Guide
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

or plural (Step-by-Step Guides) and indentation of the invidual guides one level below (so three hashtags: ### Delete meshTenant from my meshProject)

Author: deleted the headline

> ## Delete meshTenant from my meshProject

Reviewer: please add what rights are necessary to delete the tenant

Author: added into each section which role is required

> ## Delete meshTenant from my meshProject

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## How to delete a meshTenant
```

If you want to delete just a meshTenant e.g. AWS Account without deleting your complete meshProject you can use the meshTenant deletion.

The following step-by-step guide shows how to successfully request the deletion of an meshTenant:

1. Go to your meshCustomer where the meshProject is located in the meshPanel ![Choose meshCustomer](./assets/customer/choose-customer.png)
2. Go to your meshProject in which you want to delete the meshTenant ![Choose meshProject](./assets/project/project-in-top-nav.png)
3. Click on "View more details" for the meshTenant you want to delete !["View more details"](./assets/project/project-nav-to-tenant.png)

> 4. Click on the "Deletion" tab and follow the deletion instusction for the meshTenant !["Delete meshTenant"](./assets/project/project-tenant-deletion.png)

Reviewer: please put the tenant deletion approval below it and make transparent that this needs to be done by an admin

Author: done

> ## Delete meshProjects

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## How to delete a meshProject
```

> The deletion of an meshProjects is quite similar to the meshTenant deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
not important

The following step-by-step guide shows how to successfully request a meshProject deletion:

1. Go to your meshCustomer where the meshProject is located in the meshPanel ![Choose meshCustomer](./assets/customer/choose-customer.png)

> 2. Go to your meshProject in which you want to delete the meshTenant ![Choose meshProject](./assets/project/project-in-top-nav.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to your meshProject from which you want to delete the meshTenant ![Choose meshProject](./assets/project/project-in-top-nav.png)
```

> 3. Click on the "Deletion" tab and follow the deletion instusction for the meshProject !["Delete meshTenant"](./assets/project/project-deletion.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click on the "Deletion" tab and follow the deletion instruction for the meshProject !["Delete meshTenant"](./assets/project/project-deletion.png)
```

> ## Delete meshCustomer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## How to delete a meshCustomer
```

Your user needs the "Customer Owner" role to proceed with the deletion of the meshCustomer.

1. Go to your meshCustomer where the meshProject is located in the meshPanel ![Choose meshCustomer](./assets/customer/choose-customer.png)

> 2. Click on the "Deletion" tab and follow the deletion instusction for the meshCustomer !["Delete meshTenant"](./assets/customer/customer-deletion.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click on the "Deletion" tab and follow the deletion instructions for the meshCustomer !["Delete meshTenant"](./assets/customer/customer-deletion.png)
```
